TODO/NOTES

* Maps with depth. Moving up and down either with the scroll wheel, a key
combo plus mouse motion vertically, or the same key combo and up/down.

I'd like to have a depth test. Draw the next 4 levels, using a fog so that the
4th level is very, very dim. Perhaps even get some perspective going? What
should the fog color be?

Or perhaps I can do an overlay of colored tiles that are transparent. These
will be colored based on the light in the cell below. This might give a cheap
volumetric feeling. It could also be for the topmost layer. Perhaps the open
cell above keeps track of the light level below and draws a transparent layer?

Moving up/down should "peel" away the top layer or stick it back on? Some kind
of animation seems important.

* Saving maps. Store the maps in a file. File format: JSON? Or maybe pickle
format. When I move to C, I can write a script to convert from pickle to C's
format. cPickle may or may not be faster than JSON.

* Tiling different kinds of stone. Let's say I have 16 different colors of
stone, plus 4 or so colors of wood, for 20 colors of material altogether. That
means for every item I have, I need to have a cell that describes it. That's
20 up stairs, 20 down stairs, and 20 up/down stairs, and 20 tables, etc...
This leads me to believe that I can have some algorithmically generated tiles?
Or maybe tiles have 3 colors, and the colors are determined by the material?
Perhaps I can do something like specifying 1 tile for all objects, and then
layering on top of it a texture. If the tile specified the normal, then we can
shade with dynamic lighting. This would be interesting.

Or I can go the minecraft route and just make things in 3D and have 20
different kinds of textures.

Or I can do what Dwarf Fortress does, and alternate FG and BG colors for
different materials.


BUGS
----

I can't seem to get the background music to repeat. I would like it if
eos_action worked on Player, but it doesn't. I think I need to debug Pyglet.



Drawing the next level is slow. I need a way to quickly draw floors, since I
plan on having 4 floors of stuff drawn at once.

I think I can create sections of the floor that are 16x16 tiles or so. I can
rotate in/out sections as needed. I can pre-create sections as well.
